Add sxg-rs to the list of available tools (#5898)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/fast/signed-exchanges/index.md

options, you can also choose to build your own SXG generator.

- `sxg-rs`

>   [`sxg-rs`](https://github.com/google/sxg-rs) includes code that runs on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [`sxg-rs`](https://github.com/google/sxg-rs) is a collection of tools for generating SXGs using various serverless platforms.
```
